# Hands-On-Machine-Learning
There's a well-known Chinese proverb that says, “*No small step will lead to a thousand miles.*”. The process of learning machine learning is long and hard. Learning one machine learning model after another with complete interest, there were times of confusion and anxiety, even self-doubt, but I persevered! (There should be applause here)

But now I'm at a bottleneck again. Watching Kagglers kill the challenges one after another while I haven't written a single line of code makes me very anxious. I know that if I want to be a good machine learning practitioner, strong engineering skills are essential.

So, I created this repo, where I will continue to update my notes and thoughts on reading the book *Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras & Tensorflow*. This repo is divided into two main parts, corresponding to machine learning and deep learning respectively. The first part, the machine learning part, has 8 subsections, including data preprocessing, classification, regression, SVM, tree-based models, dimensionality reduction and unsupervised learning. The second part, the deep learning section, consists of 10 subsections and covers neural networks, TensorFlow, CNN, RNN, Auto-Encoder, Attention, GAN, reinforcement learning and model deployment. The focus is, of course, on models.

After studying this book, I hope to make some interesting applications using machine learning. For example, classifying photos of kittens, recognising speech sequences, implementing machine translation, etc. The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Go for it! You can do it!
### progress